#1622: Use PickerInline (#519)
redwoodjs/redwoodjs.com: cookbook/File_Upload.md

        />
        <FieldError name="title" className={CSS.errorMessage} />

>         <PickerInline apikey={process.env.REDWOOD_ENV_FILESTACK_API_KEY} />

Reviewer: Aren't you missing a `<div>` as a child here? What does it look like if you render a `<PickerInline>` without that child?

export default ImageForm
```

> We now have created a picker with all kinds of options, like picking a local file, providing a URL or even grabbing one from Facebook, Instagram or Google Drive. Not bad!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have now created a picker with all kinds of options, like picking a local file, providing a URL or even grabbing a file from Facebook, Instagram or Google Drive. Not bad!
```

![Filestack picker](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/300/82617240-51e26000-9b84-11ea-8aec-210b7a751e8c.png)

> ... And....you can even try uploading an image to make sure it works:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can even try uploading an image to make sure it works:
```

![Filestack picker](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/300/82617240-51e26000-9b84-11ea-8aec-210b7a751e8c.png)

> There's no reason to make the user click that button, let's just show the picker on the page when it loads by adding a couple of [pickerOptions](https://github.com/filestack/filestack-react#props). We'll need to create a container for it to live in, so we'll add a `<div>` and have it as a child of `<PickerInline>`. We'll also give the `<div>` a couple of styles so that the picker doesn't collapse to 0px tall:

Reviewer: We don't actually add any `pickerOptions`, right? So I think you can reword this sentence.

```javascript
// web/src/components/ImageForm/ImageForm.js

<PickerInline apikey={process.env.REDWOOD_ENV_FILESTACK_API_KEY}>

>   <div id="picker" style={{ marginTop: '2rem', height: '20rem' }}></div>

Reviewer: Is the `id` and the styles needed anymore? What does it look like with and without the styles?

  // form stuff...

> 	<PickerInline

Reviewer: Can you please see if you can fix the indentation here?

We're already storing the attached image URL in state, so let's use the existence of that state to show the attached image. In fact, let's also hide the uploader and assume you're done (you'll be able to show it again if needed):

> For this we will need define a custom `<div>` and have it as a child of `<PickerInline>`. We'll also have the `<div>` display or hide itself (ie. the picker), if there exists a defined image url:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this we will need to define a custom `<div>` and make it a child of `<PickerInline>`. We'll also have the `<div>` display or hide itself (i.e. the picker), if there exists a defined image url:
```

> ```javascript{14,18}

Reviewer: You need to update the highlighted lines by changing the numbers here (14,18 should be something else)
Also, try changing from javascript to jsx, see if that makes the highlighting look better

// web/src/components/ImageForm/ImageForm.js

<PickerInline
  apikey={process.env.REDWOOD_ENV_FILESTACK_API_KEY}
  onSuccess={onFileUpload}
>

>   <div
>     style={{
>       display: url ? 'none' : 'block',
>     }}
>   ></div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <div style={{ display: url ? 'none' : 'block' }}></div>
```

Reviewer: I'm not seeing the file picker. Please fix the code so it's possible to upload an image

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/30793/104914081-e230a900-598e-11eb-988e-02239cf461f5.png)

```javascript{14,18}
// web/src/components/ImageForm/ImageForm.js

<PickerInline
  apikey={process.env.REDWOOD_ENV_FILESTACK_API_KEY}
  onSuccess={onFileUpload}
>

> 	<div

Reviewer: Can you please fix the indentation here?

		id="picker"
		style={{

> 			marginTop: '2rem',

Reviewer: Are all these styles still correct with the new inline picker?

> ```javascript{18-29}

Reviewer: these line numbers are wrong

// web/src/components/ImageForm/ImageForm.js

<PickerInline
  apikey={process.env.REDWOOD_ENV_FILESTACK_API_KEY}
  onSuccess={onFileUpload}
>
  <div
    style={{
      display: url ? 'none' : 'block',
    }}
  ></div>
</PickerInline>

> {url && (

Reviewer: ```jsx
        {url && (
          <div>
            <img src={url} style={{ display: 'block', marginTop: '2rem 0' }} />
            <button
              onClick={() => setUrl(null)}
              className="rw-button rw-button-blue"
            >
              Replace image
            </button>
          </div>
        )}
```
